hey there spy there this is your boy
Mikey Bustos this video is an in-depth
tutorial of the Filipino accent the
first thing to know is there are no
Epsons pollo playpark
filipino philippines family snowflake
nobody sounds victory van bebo livin la
vida loca golden retriever blog and blog
sound the same the lack of B probably
comes from the Spanish influence when
the spaniards invaded philippines in the
fifteen hundreds that is why many of us
filipinos have spanish last names like
Bustos my pole name is Michael Johnny
Adan to manifest an you Bustos try
saying that five times also worth noting
there's no th it's either D sound like
that is their damn breathe or T sound
like dig deep beneath this elf bread
also another thing to note is that the
Filipino language lacks the he-she
distinct pronounced it's only one in
Filipino sure that is why many Filipinos
sometimes get he and she mixed up little
bit confused
I like Ricky Martin her music is very
good also because Philippines is a
third-world social class even determines
the way you speak English the socialites
say words like promise forever correct
truth Khedira to death when I go to
Philippines I love watching TV and all
the funny advertisements Kuya germs in
there oh
Dondre use Head & Shoulders sky ahead
and scalp healthy 70 pesos LOM people
ask me why I am able to speak like this
and I tell them even though I was born
in Canada I used to speak like this when
I was very small I learned English from
my parents pero but ingrate poor I
learned to speak with a proper accent so
that I could fit in and the kids
wouldn't make fun of me but I never lost
it anyway there are 171 native languages
in Philippines isn't that incredible
171 different dialects okay anyway I am
very proud to be Filipino or
known as Pinoy because we are very
loving people yayyy so the next time you
cannot make out the accent of your
Filipino neighbor because you know where
everywhere just refer to this video
tutorial
my boy see you later heavy waiter and
Pacquiao polite blog and blog some the
same 70 pesos lon